welcome to the man of recaps this is the
dragon prince season 2 so remember
humans have been generally at war with
the elves and the magical land of saadia
for many years the Dragon King guarded
the border but sometime recently they
killed him and destroyed his egg the
dragon Prince the last season the human
princes Callum and Ezrin found that the
egg was not destroyed and if they could
bring it back to its mother the war
could be stopped they teamed up with
raela a moon shadow elf who was
originally said to assassinate them but
they've been on a whirlwind adventure
watch my season 1 recap for the whole
story and now they're best friends at
the end of season 1 there was a big
surprise the dragon egg hatched and oh
my god it's so cute
they called him Zim and he and Ezrin
have an immediate bond which is sad for
the Frog Dog bait no longer the cutest
animal companion on the show now lord
viren's kids Claudia and Sauron are on a
mission to bring the princess back home
Sauron and raela have a bit of a fight
but Callan bursts in to put a stop to it
he's like no no we're not kidnapped
we're friends were on an important
mission here but saurons on a super
secret mission from his father Lord
Viren to kill the princes for the good
of the kingdom
saurons mostly a good guy he's just
endearingly dim-witted but he wants to
make his father proud so he attempts
some half-hearted assassinations which
mostly just turned into a good time
Callum has a huge crush on Claudia by
the way but she's also on a secret
mission from her father that she must
reclaim the dragon Prince at any cost so
they're going to join the princess on
their quest but it immediately betray
them with the dark magic snake chains
but it was an illusion
yeah raela didn't trust him went to the
old moon elf lady to help with an
illusion trick and the real team is
flying off on the phoenix the fastest
wait is a dia is by ship but raela's
human impression is not very convincing
hello again fellow human human fellows
but they find the perfect captain who
won't notice cuz he's got double eye
patches yeah he gets her on with help
from a seeing-eye parrot
I love the minor characters on this show
they're caught in a storm so they pulled
over to wait it out Callum thinks this
might be his chance to learn magic yeah
he was doing some magic last season with
the help of a storm primal stone but
that got destroyed see all magical
creatures are born connected to one of
the primal sources but humans just are
not that's of course why they invented
dark magic in the first place but Callum
is not gonna
let that stop him he thinks that if he
can meditate hard enough he can forge a
connection to a primal source his first
plan is to try to get struck by
lightning but luckily he realizes that's
dumb back in their home kingdom of
khatallah Lord Viren is mostly in charge
he wants to ramp up the war to a
full-scale invasion but other council
members are like hey you're not the king
we're not gonna listen to you Viren has
a magic mirror reclaimed from the old
dragon Kings hoard and he finally
unlocks its secret it's a window into
another room where there's this
cool-looking elf dude they can't hear
each other so mirror man tries to lead
him through a magic ritual but parents
like yo you're clearly evil I don't need
your help he calls a council of the five
kingdoms and gives quite an impressive
presentation about the dangers of sabia
and is like we need to warn now the
other human kingdoms are like yeah sure
whatever
but the final vote is this young queen
who's like I am unconvinced so V Aaron
tells a flashback of when her parents
came to catalyst for help there was a
big famine and Catullus helped him out
even though there wasn't enough food to
go around but Viren knew a dark magic
spell that could help them so they
crossed the border to zania to get the
heart of a magma titan by the way we
meet here King hero's wife Sarai the
boy's mother and she's the sister of
their aunt Amaya the badass deaf general
who speaks with sign language and she
has a minor subplot this season where
she faces off against a cool son fire
elf with an epic sword
anyway it's suraíh who takes down the
magma golem and they've got the heart
but remember the border is guarded by
the dragon king he is seriously strong
and this is where their mother Sarai
died but luckily the dark magic works
and boom vamonos
the young Queens parents died there too
and burns like sea we need to band
together to fight the evils of saadia
but the young Queen Anya's like I don't
think so
I took the exact opposite moral from
your story that violence only spreads
more violence
so Viren is pissed he goes down to a
secret lair where he still has prisoner
by the way and Amaya's boyfriend guy
he's like alright mirror man it's dark
ritual time and mirror guy spits out a
caterpillar thing teleports it over it's
kind of cute and it works like a
bluetooth earpiece this elf has an epic
deep voice
I've waited a the sound of another voice
his name is eros but when Viren looks it
up any mention of him is magically
scrubbed from history who the hell is
this guy well he's very obviously an
ancient evil that's been locked away
here but he's like hey beer and we can
help each other
elsewhere viren's kids make it to a town
near the border where there is a dragon
flying around they haven't attacked it
cuz it hasn't attacked them but saurons
like screw that shoot that thing down
unfortunately he misses and now the
dragon burdens the place up he's like
I've made a huge mistake but Claudia
makes a dark magic arrow that never
misses and boom dragon down the good
crews actually close by and try to help
the dragon he's not dead yet raela has
her sword rematch with Sauron but then
Calum steps in to help he's like I can't
do primal magic but I can still do dark
magic reverse snake chain spell to free
that dragon dragon is real mad and
knocks out Sauron with one swipe but
then he sees the dragon Prince alive and
well he's like oh I gotta go tell my
dragon friends about this now the dark
magic takes a big toll on Calum in fact
he's passed out for an episode in his
dream he comes face to face with his
dark magic self it's like yes join me in
the dark side but Talon rejects dark
magic he now knows how evil it is and
when he wakes up he thinks he
understands the sky Arcanum it's not
possible no human can do primal magic
but Calum does yeah magic baby
then who shows up its chain whip tracker
guy when he sees princess Rinna's okay
he's like hey I'm not here to fight I'm
here to serve the prince actually though
the king and yeah this is how Azrin
finally finds out his father's dead he
realizes his duty is to quit the
adventure and go home to rule the
kingdom so our crews down to two or
three if you count little zip Sauron
survived the dragon hit but he is fully
paralyzed he briefly considers
rebranding himself as a poet but his
poetry is atrocious Claudia's gonna do
whatever it takes to help her brother
including sacrificing this poor cute
dear - boom give her enough dark magic
power for a real strong healing spell
and word saurons on the mend but that
takes a lot out of Claudia in fact she's
got a
white hair streak now their father lured
viren's casting some powerful new dark
magic constructed by his blue tooth
caterpillar he creates some shadow elves
to go terrorize the other human kingdoms
and forced them into war then with the
help of his mirror man he is taken out
all the guards gonna seize control of
guitarists but he's surrounded and the
caterpillars like hey surrender for now
so he's off to the dungeon talmann raela
make it to the sabian border
unfortunately it's a giant river of lava
but by the light of the moon they can
take the moonstone pat safely across but
the sun's coming up so little dragon Zim
finally learns to fly with some help
from his human wind magic friend he
blocks the Sun and lets them safely
across so they finally done it
Raylan Callum made it to Xavier but
right there is some big mean old dragon
and that's how season 2 comes to an end
[Music]